Convert VectorMap and RangeSelector topics to md (#1645)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/RangeSelector/10 Visual Elements/Visual Elements.md

> The image below displays the **RangeSelector** element map. **Hover** over the image and to see the **RangeSelector** element names. Click an element to navigate to a topic with more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image below displays the **RangeSelector** element map. **Hover** over the image to show the **RangeSelector** element names. Click an element to navigate to a topic with more information.
```
